Instructions: Listed below are a number of statements concerning personal attitudes and traits. Read each item and decide whether the statement is true or false as it pertains to you.


SDS1.	Before voting I thoroughly investigate the qualifications of all the candidates. (T)
SDS2.	I never hesitate to go out of my way to help someone in trouble. (T)
SDS3.	It is sometimes hard for me to go on with my work if I am not encouraged. (F)
SDS4.	I have never intensely disliked anyone. (T)
SDS5.	On occasion I have doubts about my ability to succeed in life. (F)
SDS6.	I sometimes feel resentful when I don't get my own way. (F)
SDS7.	I am always careful about my manner of dress. (T)
SDS8.	My table manners at home are as good as when I eat out in a restaurant. (T)
SDS9.	If I could get into a movie without paying and be sure I was not seen, I would probably do it. (F)
SDS10.	On a few occasions, I have given up doing something because I thought too little of my ability. (F)
SDS11.	I like to gossip at times. (F)
SDS12.	There have been times when I felt like rebelling against people in authority even though I knew they were right. (F) 
SDS13.	No matter who I'm talking to, I'm always a good listener. (T)
SDS14.	I can remember "playing sick" to get out of something. (F)
SDS15.	There have been occasions when I took advantage of someone. (F)
SDS16.	I'm always willing to admit it when I make a mistake. (T)
SDS17.	I always try to practice what I preach. (T)
SDS18.	I don't find it particularly difficult to get along with loud mouthed, obnoxious people. (T)
SDS19.	I sometimes try to get even rather than forgive and forget. (F)
SDS20.	When I don't know something I don't at all mind admitting it. (T)
SDS21.	I am always courteous, even to people who are disagreeable. (T)
SDS22.	At times I have really insisted on having things my own way. (F) 
SDS23.	There have been occasions when I felt like smashing things. (F)
SDS24.	I would never think of letting someone else be punished for my wrong-doings. (T)
SDS25.	I never resent being asked to return a favor. (T)
SDS26.	I have never been irked when people expressed ideas very different from my own. (T)
SDS27.	I never make a long trip without checking the safety of my car. (T)
SDS28.	There have been times when I was quite jealous of the good fortune of others. (F)
SDS29.	I have almost never felt the urge to tell someone off. (T)
SDS30.	I am sometimes irritated by people who ask favors of me. (F)
SDS31.	I have never felt that I was punished without cause. (T)
SDS32.	I sometimes think when people have a mistortune they only got what they deserved. (F)
SDS33.	I have never deliberately said something that hurt someone's feelings. (T)